Fix: Grammatical Changes to different Synthetics Release Notes (#10482)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/release-notes/synthetics-release-notes/node-browser-runtime-release-notes/node-browser-runtime-1.1.46.mdx

### New Features
* Allowed custom headers to be passed to the cert check, which helps prevent cert checks from failing on endpoints depending on custom headers.

> * Parsed cookies from response headers and adds them to the redirect headers, which helps prevent cert checks from failing on endpoints depending on cookies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Parsed cookies from response headers and added them to the redirect headers, which helps prevent certification checks from failing on endpoints that depend on cookies.
```
